0.  TODO (It means: a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust. It is also a made up word.)
1.  TODO (It returns resource usage measures for (Self, Children and Thread))
2.  TODO (There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage)
3.  TODO (So that it doesn't take up resources/heap and points directly to values instead of generating and storing 16 longs)
4.  TODO (The for loop calls on fgetc(gets next character from file- casted as int) to read each char from the file that is opened (using fopen). 
It then checks to allow alphabetical, aprostophes, and appends them into a word, ignoring strings that are too long to be words, or words that have numbers in them. 
Each word adds to the "words" counter. It is checked using the check() function while getrusage() function which returns the resource usage statistics for the calling process. 
Finally it printf misspelled words. This is all put into a loop that excecutes untill the EOF is reached
5.  TODO (fscanf checks only the format of the word. While fgetc is able to distinguish-and accept- apostrophe on top of alphabets. We will not be able to do spell checks with fscanf)
6.  TODO (So that the words/string becomes imutable, while allowing the pointer to still change.)

0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?


